Hey guys welcome back.
So now that we've finished with this register page it's finally time to get into our main pages of the
site should you go across to here and show you what the results go look like.
This is the kind of home page they're on.
And you can see we've got a now playing by the bong.
We've got navigation menu on the left and we've got the main content in the middle.
And what we do is start with this now playing bar.
But it's worth noting that eventually we will be splitting all this up into the files.
So for example this now planning by the barn will be inside the filter file and this navigation by the
left will be in the header.
Okay.
That's because those two things will appear every single page.
Is this content amid all this great change from page to page.
OK.
So just to reiterate we will be splitting this up into a more organized structure soon.
But what we're going to do first is just create all this on one page and then we'll split it up as and
when we get to it.
So just so that coding and together and not thinking way why is he doing this why isn't this splitting
up.
We will begin to that later on.
We're just going to do it all on one page first and then we'll break it up.
So like I said we'll start with this now playing bar because I think that's an interesting one to start
with.
It's kind of a fun one to get going and we'll come to this stuff later on.